she know this one now Debbie ocean
convicted felon her brother Danny ocean
more convicted felon she was present on
the night of the incident oh so oh you
want to hit a jewelry store not exactly
the diamond mines yes exactly right
before what the Met weeks and that would
be hosting its annual ball and we are
going to rob it sixteen point five
million dollars in each of your bank
accounts five weeks from now that's a
lot they've got every inch of this place
covered this is most sophisticated
security in the world
how long did it take you to figure all
this out five years eight months and 12
days why do you need to do this because
that's what I'm gonna okay everybody
let's get started here we go
count me down three two one
came on
she said
dear God that was exact you
seal the exits we prepare for this
[Music]
we will not be the prime suspects
weights and every time you have to start
from somebody
what would she do I'd turn it on
you